README.md, before:

## Requiem
WIP requirement engine for the Guild gate. Aimed to be generic over various boolean logic and requirements.

Requirements are types that implement the `Requirement` trait which has a single `check` function that
retunrns a boolean value. Every type that implements `Requirement` can be considered to be a terminal in a
Binary Decision Diagram or [BDD](https://docs.rs/boolean_expression/latest/boolean_expression/struct.BDD.html).

The goal is to collect all requirements in the form of a `json` for example:
```
{
	"logic": "a AND (b OR c) XOR d",
	"requirements": {
		"a": { ... },
		"b": { ... },
		"c": { ... },
		"d": { ... }
	}
}
```
where `a`, `b`, `c` and `d` can all be deserialized into a type that implements `Requirement` and they can
all be evaluated to a `bool` by performing the `check` function which is `async`, so multiple checks can
be performed at once. Once all requirements return with a boolean, the `BDD` parsed from the `logic` field
is evaluated on these terminal inputs.

Commit message:

Reqs vector (#1)
* WIP switch from char to u16 in hexadecimal.

* All tests pass with TerminalId = usize.r

* Updated readme.

README.md, after:

## Requiem
WIP requirement engine for the Guild gate. Aimed to be generic over various
boolean logic and requirements.

Requirements are types that implement the `Requirement` trait which has a
single `check` function that retunrns a boolean value. Every type that
implements `Requirement` can be considered to be a terminal in a Binary
Decision Diagram or
[BDD](https://docs.rs/boolean_expression/latest/boolean_expression/struct.BDD.html).

The goal is to collect all requirements in the form of a `json` for example:
```
{
	"logic": "0 AND (1 OR 2 XOR (3 OR 1))",
	"requirements": [
		{ ... },
		{ ... },
		{ ... },
		{ ... }
	]
}
```
where each element in the `requirements` vector can be deserialized into a type
that implements `Requirement` and they can all be evaluated to a `bool` by
performing the `check` function which is `async`, so multiple checks can be
performed at once. Once all requirements return with a boolean, the `BDD`
parsed from the `logic` field is evaluated on these terminal inputs. Note that
terminals identifiers in expression `logic` denote the respective requirement's
index in the `requirements` vector.
